the list
  “What should I do with you?...” She murmured to herself. “Mmfmm,” the man struggled to speak. She removed the cloth that prevented him from talking. “Y-you wi-will never get away w-with th-this.” The man panted, gasping for air. “Watch me…” She took out her knife and started boiling some water. “HELP!” The man shouted. “Just relax, no one will hear you anyway,” she said calmly. 

  She took her knife and walked closer and closer to the man. As she moved closer, the man noticed that the knife had a lot of bloodstains and rotten human flesh. “How many innocent people have you killed? Why do you want to kill me?” The man questioned. “That’s for me to know and for you to find out~ let’s have some fun first...” She slit his throat and chopped his limbs off. “HELP, SOMEBODY HELP!” The man screamed. “Shut up! You’re too noisy, let’s make sure you’re quiet,” she pulled his tongue as far as it would go and chopped it off. The man cried in pain. Next, she sliced off some of his skin. When he thought it could not get any worse, she poured the boiling water on him slowly. The remainder of his skin immediately turned red, and his flesh sizzled upon the heat. The man thought, “Why can’t she just kill me already. It’s better than suffering like this. I’ve been starved, skinned alive and had boiling water poured directly on my flesh-” “Hmm, it looks like you are still not in pain...don’t worry, the best part is about to come~” She stabbed him several times and his lifeless body rolled to the floor. “That was easy...another one crossed off the list...” She licked some of the blood off her knife and went back to her room.

  “Mia, have you completed the list yet?” “No boss, but I only have one more and my list is complete.” “Good progress Mia, once you completed the list, I will give you a one-year leave with your pay doubled.” “Thank you boss, I need some information about the last person on the list...” “He goes to Rivervale College, I already registered you as a student there but you have to use your fake identity, you will start going there tomorrow. Be careful, he’s also an assassin and he doesn't trust people easily.”

  “Hi, my name is Auria and I'm 18 years old. I hope we can all be friends.” “Go and sit beside Joshua, the student in the hoodie.” “Ah, perfect.” She thought to herself. “Okay class...” Auria could not pay attention in class and she kept thinking of ways to gain Joshua’s trust...

  “Hey, you're Joshua right? I’m Auria, wanna be friends?” “No, leave me alone.” Joshua replied. “Heh, not until you be my friend. Come on, please. It’s not like I will do anything to you.” Auria pleaded. “Tsk, fine. Just leave me alone.”

  From that day onwards, Auria and Joshua always hung out after school and Joshua was starting to fall for Auria. Although Auria knew Joshua liked her, she did not like him back and she used Joshua’s feelings to her advantage…

  “Meet me at the rooftop -Your secret admirer” Auria read off a note placed in her locker. She thought to herself, “Must be Joshua, say your last words hahahaha~” Auria took her knife from her locker, she dropped it in her pocket and made her way to the rooftop... “Ahh you’re here!!” Joshua beamed with joy when he saw her approaching him. Auria pretended to feel surprised and said, “Y-you’re the s-secret admirer?” “Yes, I like you Auria, will you be my girlfriend?” “YES OF COURSE!!” Auria rolled her eyes and pretended to like him back. Joshua rushed over to hug Auria. While they were hugging each other, Auria took out her knife and stabbed Joshua. Thick red blood flowed from Joshua’s stomach. Joshua stuttered, “W-why?” “Hahahahaha, did you really think I liked you, see you in hell b****! HAHAHAHA MY LIST IS FINALLY COMPLETE!!” Mia took off her wig and glasses and happily skipped away. Red and blue lights flashed with police sirens in the distance...
  
